
Job Information

    Location:
    Waltham, Massachusetts, 02451, United States
    Job ID:
    33622387
    Posted:
    March 10, 2017
    Position Title:
    Senior Scrum Master
    Company Name:
    Carbon Black, Inc.
    Industry:
    Computer Software
    Job Function:
    Project Management
    Job Type:
    Full-Time
    Job Duration:
    Indefinite
    Min Education:
    BA/BS/Undergraduate
    Min Experience:
    5-7 Years

Description

Why Carbon Black?


At Carbon Black, you’ll have the opportunity to make a huge impact while working alongside a global community of passionate people who are leading the way in cutting-edge technology. Our valued employees across the world have made Carbon Black a Top Place to Work, as named by the Boston Globe for three consecutive years.


Why You Matter

We’re looking for a Senior Scrum Master who enjoys working in a highly collaborative environment that values speed and quality, with a strong desire to drive change as we continue on our agile transformational journey.


You will work closely with developers, product owners, Operations & QA engineers and program managers. You will also own communicating the team’s progress and the solutions they are building and delivering to internal stakeholders.


What You’ll Do



    Organize and facilitate daily stand-ups, sprint and release planning, demos, retrospectives and other Scrum related meetings

    Actively identify impediments and work across the organization to remove them

    Identify techniques for effective product backlog management in partnership with product owners and help the team understand the need for clear and concise user stories

    Ensure Agile metrics are being tracked, monitor them for indications of current or potential problems, and assist the team to implement solutions to those problems

    Model agile values and principles and encourage self-organization within the team.



Who We Are


Carbon Black is the leading provider of next-generation endpoint security. Carbon Black’s Next-Generation Antivirus (NGAV) solution, Cb Defense, leverages breakthrough prevention technology, “Streaming Prevention,” to instantly see and stop cyberattacks before they execute. Cb Defense uniquely combines breakthrough prevention with market-leading detection and response into a single, lightweight agent delivered through the cloud. With more than 7 million endpoints under management, Carbon Black has more than 2,500 customers, including 30 of the Fortune 100. These customers use Carbon Black to replace legacy antivirus, lock down critical systems, hunt threats, and protect their endpoints from the most advanced cyberattacks, including non-malware attacks.



Carbon Black is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Carbon Black is an inclusive employer that believes in workplace equality, supports diversity, creates a welcoming environment, and respects the unique qualities each individual brings to the company.



Requirements

What You’ll Bring



    About 6-10 years of professional experience working in engineering/product, with at least 3 years’ experience leading cross-functional technical teams as Scrum Master

    Deep understanding of agile and lean concepts, including frameworks like Scrum and Kanban

    Able to work at a fast pace and with changing priorities

    Strong verbal and written communication skills

    Experience working with tools such as Jira, Confluence, Test Track and Aha!

    Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Systems Engineering or Similar

    Certified Scrum Master preferred

    Experience transforming teams into agile and / or working with SAFe is a plus




You are a servant leader who easily gains respect from your team. You possess a willingness to get your hands dirty to get the job done; the ability to foster team collaboration; enthusiasm and high-energy; assertiveness/ ability to ensure Agile/Scrum concepts and principles are adhered to; and a continual desire to advance your knowledge by learning new tools and techniques to manage a scrum team.



About Carbon Black, Inc.

Carbon Black has designed the most complete next-gen endpoint security platform, enabling organizations to stop the most attacks, see every threat, close security gaps, and evolve their defenses. The Cb Endpoint Security Platform helps organizations of all sizes replace legacy antivirus technology, lock down systems, and arm incident response teams with advanced tools to proactively hunt down threats. Today, Carbon Black has approximately 2,000 worldwide customers, including 25 of the Fortune 100 and more than 700 employees. Carbon Black was voted Best Endpoint Protection by security professionals in the SANS Institute’s Best of 2015 Awards.
Contact: Sue Fehser
