
Description

ThermoAnalytics seeks an AGILE COACH/SCRUM MASTER in either their CALUMET or NOVI, MICHIGAN
locations. ThermoAnalytics (TAI) is a passionate leader in developing thermal, fluid-flow, and infrared modeling software. The TAI business culture mixes the intellectual excitement of leading edge technology with the simple values of a rural Midwest setting. A strong work ethic and sense of pride in producing high quality work is evident throughout the company. Employees in all company functions are actively engaged in the business andcollaborate extensively to achieve our goals. Join the dynamic, results oriented team at TAI today.



As an Agile Coach at TAI, you are key to enabling high performance Software Development teams to build innovative engineering analysis software. We are building a culture of continuous process improvement with a shared goal of delivering best in class products faster than our peers in the CAE software market. You will be
responsible for championing Agile across all areas of the company. You will help teams adopt Agile values, principles and best practices as part of our Software Engineering Productivity community of practice. This position offers opportunity to grow into a supervisory role within the Productivity community and directly impact the professional development of its members.



The Agile Coach is passionate about process, communication, group dynamics and coaching, and does not hesitate to raise concerns and drive change to remove impediments from the team. You will be working with highly creative and intelligent Software Development Squad members who are just as passionate about what they do. You love to learn new things and obsess over process improvement. You pay attention to details and take great pride in your work.



RESPONSIBILITIES



    Coach 3-4 development teams guiding them towards improving the way they work.

    Facilitate educating teams in agile ceremonies such as user story mapping, stand-up, release planning, sprint

    planning, retrospective and demos.

    Assist the product owner and development team with backlog refinement.

    Ensure cross-team coordination.

    Reach out to the larger company network for impediment removal.

    Maintain relevant metrics that help teams monitor their processes.

    Coach and mentor other agile coaches to facilitate cross-communication of effective practices.

    Be a company-wide subject matter expert on Agile methodologies applied to software development and

    project management.

    Potentially supervise up to 10 employees in the area of Agile Processes, DevOps and Software Test.




COMPENSATION/BENEFITS ThermoAnalytics is an Employee-Owned company providing competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package.


LEARN MORE ABOUT THE COMPANY at www.thermoanalytics.com




Requirements

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED



    Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering Management, Management of Information Systems, Computer Science or

    equivalent experience, desired.

    At least 3 years’ experience working in an agile environment, preferably in a variety of situations.

    Knowledge of the software development life cycle.

    Knowledge and/or experience of Agile principles and methodologies (Kanban, Scrum, XP).

    Demonstrated self-motivation and intellectual curiosity.

    Willingness to ask questions and seek advice when faced with unknown situations.

    Demonstrated experience using common office software tools

    Strong organizational, problem solving and conflict resolution skills.

    Exceptional written and verbal communication skills.





EXPERIENCE & SKILLS DESIRED



    Agile Certification (Certified Scrum Master/Product Owner/Scrum Practitioner, PMI-ACP).

    Experience as an Agile Coach, Scrum Master or Product Owner.

    Software development experience (Desktop application preferred).

    Experience managing projects (scope, budget, schedule).





OTHER USEFUL KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & EXPERIENCE



    Software engineering knowledge or experience.

    Software quality assurance knowledge or experience.

    Experience writing scripts in one or more languages (Bash, Python, Perl).

    Domain knowledge in one or more: heat transfer, thermo-fluids, CAD/CAE, IR/Visible sensor modeling.

    Job Information

        Location:
        Calumet, Michigan, 49930, United States | Novi, Michigan, 48375, United States
        Job ID:
        33436813
        Posted:
        March 6, 2017
        Position Title:
        Agile Coach
        Company Name:
        ThermoAnalytics
        Industry:
        Computer Software
        Job Function:
        Project Management
        Job Type:
        Full-Time
        Job Duration:
        Indefinite
        Min Education:
        H.S. Diploma/Equivalent
        Min Experience:
        3-5 Years
        Required Travel:
        0-10%
        Salary:
        $80,000.00 - $100,000.00 (Yearly Salary)
