
Job Information

    Location:
    San Francisco, California, United States | Rocklin, California, United States
    Job ID:
    33140052
    Posted:
    March 7, 2017
    Position Title:
    Scrum Master Multiple Openings in San Francisco and Sacramento Area
    Company Name:
    Kforce
    Industry:
    Other
    Job Function:
    Project Management
    Job Type:
    Contract
    Min Experience:
    7-10 Years

Description

Job Name: Scrum Master (multiple openings in San Francisco and Sacramento Area)


Position: Scrum Master


Company: Kforce, supporting our retail client


Location: San Francisco, CA and Rocklin, CA


Brief Description: A Kforce client within the retail industry, who has locations in both San Francisco, CA and Rocklin, CA, is looking for solid Senior Scrum Masters for long term, contract positions. These positions sit within our client’s E-Commerce Project Management office, which has many high visibility initiatives with approved budget through 2017 and beyond.


We are looking for Senior Scrum Masters with 8+ years of experience working in Project Management and a Scrum/Agile environment. Our ideal candidate has experience managing from 2-4 projects simultaneously on one's own and a solid understand how to manage Agile projects. Scrum Masters in this group focus on interesting e-commerce website projects, and each Scrum Master manages approximately 3 Scrum teams. Our ideal candidate is comfortable working within a complex and dynamic environment, knows how to rally and encourage their team, understands how to measure risk and when to escalate issues, and demonstrates a sense of urgency in their work. Our client is also looking for highly dynamic candidates who can influence change and are passionate about coaching scrum teams and driving results. The team is looking forward to identifying a candidate to join their team who can come in and add value, impact the organization and take ownership of projects.


Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. All Kforce consultants are eligible to participate in the company’s benefit program, including Medical, Dental, Vision insurance, 401K, and more. All consultants are required to be a W2 employee for this position.
